# Story: Building YGO INDEX
YGO INDEX project is an informational and deck building website about the anime series known as Yu-Gi-Oh!. The technologies I used are Javascript, Axios, Express, Node.js, HTML and CSS. I chose these technologies because they are the most efficient tech to use on this scale of a project. HTML and CSS layout the foundation of creating and designing the webpages. Javascript, Axios, Express, and Node.js made the web features work efficiently and helped gather the specific information needed from an API server. Altogether, these technologies smoothed out the project's front-end and back-end communication to show the intended information and features of the website. By deeply incorporating these technologies in this project, I was able to further my knowledge about Javascript. One learning instance was creating variables to store information from the API and utilize it when creating HTML elements within the Javascript file. This experience helped improve my technical skills.

# Story: YGO INDEX BUG
During the process of creating YGO INDEX, I ran into a bug where I couldn't recieve the correct card information from the Yugioh API when using my search function. Everytime I test the search function, I ran nodemon and it console logged the error. I found that the back-end was not recieving my input values correctly because my request object was passing a body. Instead of passing my input value as a body, I decided to pass it as a params. These changes fixed the bug and I was able recieve the correct information.